

    1. Terms of Service

    By accessing this website and purchasing products you are agreeing to the following Terms of Service. If you are breaking any local or state law by accessing this website or using any of its services or content you do so at your own risk.

    2. License & Limitations

    Permission is granted to download and run any material (software or other digital media) provided by STRICT so long as they do not conflict with the following terms.

    You many not:

    1)    Users are not permitted to modify, decompile, reverse engineer or make any content originating from this site available elsewhere without written permission from STRICT.

    2)    All digital media and software from STRICT is for non commercial use. You may not sublicense or resell without written permission from STRICT.

    3)    You may not in any way attempt to remove any watermarks or other features used for identification.

    4)    You may not lend, lease, trade, sell or transfer any subscriptions or licenses to other users.

    3. Disclaimer

    All media and content provided by STRICT are provided “as is”. STRICT makes no warranties neither direct or implied nor does STRICT guarantee the safety of any software or digital media it provides.

    STRICT and any of its employees, staff, associates and users are not liable for any damages caused by the use of any media or software provided. All software and media provided by STRICT is used at your own risk. Including but no limited to data loss/corruption, computer instability, bandwidth use etc.

    4. External Linking

    The majority of external links that were not posted by STRICT and/or its employees are not verified to be free of any potential malicious content. Although we encourage anyone who discovers a malicious link to report it to a staff member/employee STRICT makes no guarantees that any link is safe. Any links that a user follows are done at their own risk.

    5. 3rd Party Actions

    STRICT is in no way, shape or form responsible for any 3rd parties taking action due to the use of any content provided. This includes but is not limited to game bans, kicks, fees, etc. Any and all losses are solely the users responsibility.

    6. Refunds & Terminations

    STRICT reserves the right to terminate any license or subscription with or without notice. Should the cause of termination be the result of error from STRICT then a refund may be provided. Should the cause of termination be the result of user error then no refund shall be provided.

    Refunds are provided at the sole discretion of STRICT.

    Privacy Policy

    STRICT does not sell or distribute private/personal information unless it is to assist investigating breaches of the Terms of Service or to assist law enforcement. We reserve the right to collect and store data for analysis or record keeping to prevent or track breaches of service.

